	
Subject: Packers Fans - Earn 10,000 bonus points worth $100 statement credit
From: Packers Extra Points

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

View on Web Page
#

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Get the only Packers fan card with...
* VIP Stadium & Player Access when you redeem points
* Low Intro APR(4)
* No Annual Fee(1)

Plus start with 10,000 bonus points after first use(2) redeemable for a $100 Cash Back Statement Credit(3)

APPLY NOW
DECISION IN SECONDS (Secure Application)
#

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

SAVE BIG!
* No Annual Fee(1)
* 0% intro APR for 12 months on Balance Transfers and Purchases; a variable APR of 13.74%, 17.74% or 22.74% thereafter(4)

EARN FAST!
* 10,000 bonus points after first use worth $100 in cash back statement credits(2)
* 2X points on team purchases
* 1 point per $1 on all other purchases with no caps

AND LOVE YOUR REWARDS!
* Cash back statement credits toward any purchase!
* Fan favorites: Football experiences, playoff tickets, gift cards and gear

START EARNING PACKERS REWARDS
Apply Now
#

EXTRA POINTS

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

REDEEM POINTS FOR EXCLUSIVE VIP ACCESS

* Pre-game sideline passes
* Stadium tours

PLUS CASH BACK CREDITS & FAN GIFTS

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

APPLY NOW
DECISION IN SECONDS (Secure Application)
#

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Offers may vary. Please review the below and the Terms and Conditions for 
the reward benefits (such as bonus points and how points are earned), interest 
rates and account fees and terms for this particular offer before applying.

1. Offer subject to credit approval. Benefits will vary depending upon the card 
for which you are approved. Not everyone will qualify for the World MasterCard 
credit card and its benefits. If at the time of your application you do not meet 
the credit criteria previously established for this offer, or the income you 
report is insufficient based on your obligations, we may not be able to open an 
account for you or you may receive a Platinum card which has fewer benefits. 
Please review the materials provided with the Cardmember Agreement you will receive 
after account opening for information about the benefits that will apply if you are 
not approved for the World MasterCard credit card. This offer is available to new 
Cardmembers only. For information about rates, fees, other costs, and the reward 
program rules (including points accrual rate, bonus points awards, etc.) and benefits 
associated with the use of the credit card program, please see the Terms and Conditions.

2. Important Information about the NFL Extra Points Rewards Program:
General: NFL Extra Points credit card program is issued by Barclays Bank Delaware 
("Barclaycard"). Barclaycard reserves the right to modify, cancel, or terminate the 
program at any time with or without notice. NFL Extra Points credit card program is 
only open to U.S. residents at least 18 years old. 

Eligibility: NFL Extra Points Rewards Program eligibility is restricted to an NFL 
Extra Points credit card Cardmember who maintains their creditworthiness and whose NFL 
Extra Points credit card ("Account") remains open, active (regular use of the account 
is required) and current.

Earning Points: Points are awarded based on Net Purchases for each NFL and DirecTV(R) 
purchase transaction at a rate of two (2) Points per dollar ($1.00) spent based on the 
merchant category code. Cardmembers will receive one (1) NFL Extra Points Point for every 
one U.S. dollar ($1.00) of Net Purchases made on the Account rounded up or down to the nearest 
whole dollar amount for each transaction. NFL purchase transactions are Net Purchases made at 
NFLShop.com, participating NFL team retail and online stores and NFL Team stadiums. DirecTV(R) 
purchase transactions are Net Purchases made directly with DirecTV(R). Purchases not eligible 
to receive the 2 Points per dollar ($1.00) are any purchases that do not fall under these 
qualifying merchant categories. We do not determine whether merchants correctly identify and 
bill transactions as being made (or not made) at any of these designated categories. Please 
note that it is possible that some merchant categories may not meet our eligibility criteria. 
Additional qualifying merchant categories may be added in the future that will qualify for 
the 2 Points per dollar ($1.00). Balance Transfer Checks and Cash Advances are not eligible for 
Points. "Net Purchases" for a billing cycle are determined by totaling all new purchases added to 
the Account during the billing cycle, and then subtracting returned purchases and/or adjustments. 
For purposes of calculating Net Purchases, Barclaycard may round up or down to the nearest whole 
dollar amount for each transaction. If Points for returned purchases exceed new purchases during 
a billing cycle, Barclaycard will calculate negative Net Purchases and reduce the Cardmember's 
accrued points accordingly. Net Purchases do not include fees, finance or interest charges, credit 
insurance premiums, or transactions posting as non-qualifying Balance Transfers or Cash Advances,
whether received from financial institutions, automated teller machines, by use of Barclaycard 
balance transfer or cash advance checks, or by any other means. Barclaycard reserves the right 
to exclude from Net Purchases any unauthorized purchases or purchases which are added to your 
Account after you are past due or over limit. Barclaycard may withdraw Points previously awarded 
if the Account is more than sixty (60) days past due, or if the Points were awarded on purchases 
not authorized by the Cardmember. Barclaycard is not responsible for arranging or providing any 
services related to travel or the use of Points or for any delay, failure, or refusal by NFL to 
redeem Points.Points will be forfeited if the account is closed, whether by you or by us. Points 
are not transferable and cannot be transferred or sold.

Bonus Points: Cardmembers will receive a one time bonus award of ten thousand (10,000) NFL Extra 
Points after the first time their NFL Extra Points credit card is used to make an initial Purchase 
or Balance Transfer. Bonus Points will be posted within approximately thirty (30) days after the 
qualifying transaction. Use of Balance Transfer Checks or convenience checks will not qualify for 
any bonus points. The Balance Transfer is subject to the Balance Transfer Fee set forth in the 
Terms and Conditions. From time to time, we may offer bonuses or points or other premiums to new 
NFL Extra Points Cardmembers. Unless otherwise stated in the offer, these bonuses and/or awards 
are intended for persons who are not, and have not previously been, NFL Extra Points credit card 
members with Barclaycard. You understand and agree that, unless we otherwise state, you are no 
longer eligible to receive these bonuses and/or awards for any new NFL Extra Points credit card
accounts you open after your first account with Barclaycard is opened. If you receive a bonus or 
award for which you are not eligible, we may revoke the bonus or award, or reduce your points by 
the amount of the award, or charge your account for the fair value of the bonus or award, at our 
option.

3. Redemption Options: Cardmembers may redeem Points for a variety of rewards including NFL gift 
cards, certain NFL merchandise, NFL collectibles, NFL based experiences, and cash back via a 
statement credit towards any purchase transactions of $25 or more that posted to your account 
within the last 90 days. Statement credit redemption amount cannot exceed the amount of the 
qualifying purchase transaction. Statement credits are not considered payments. Separate payment 
may be requested.

4. The 0% introductory APR on balance transfers and purchases is applicable for the first 12 billing 
cycles after the account is opened. At the end of the introductory period the APR for all balance 
transfer and purchase balances will be either 13.74%, 17.74%, or 22.74%, which will be determined at 
account opening based on the card and APR that you qualify for. This APR will vary with the market 
based on the Prime Rate. There is a fee for balance transfers. This introductory APR offer does not 
apply to Cash Advance transactions. See Terms & Conditions for more information about how subject to 
applicable law, your APRs may increase if you pay late, go over your credit limit or a payment is 
returned for non payment.
